How To Update Rx Using NuGet

	Date				Author				Changes
	6/29/2011		Dave S.				First draft
	9/14/2012		Dave S.				Removed instructions regarding the legacy Rxx Experimental builds.
	8/19/2014		Dave S.				Removed instructions regarding the legacy build system.  White Tie is now used instead.


Overview:

This document describes how to upgrade the solution to newer releases of Rx.

Rxx depends on the latest stable version of Rx.  NuGet is used to make packaging Rxx easier.

How to upgrade to newer versions of Rx: 

	1. Right-mouse click a project node in Solution Explorer and select "Manage NuGet Packages..."
     a. Alternatively, right-mouse click the solution in Solution Explorer and select "Manage NuGet Packages for Solution...".
     b. Then continue with this procedure, skipping step #6 below.
	2. Click on the Updates tab in the left pane and wait for the Rx package updates to appear.
	3. When the available Rx package updates appear, click the Update buttons for all of them.
	4. When all of the updates are finished, make sure they all have green check marks next to them.
	5. Save your changes.
	6. Repeat steps 1 to 5 for all projects in the solution, including all libraries, labs and unit test projects.
	7. Browse to the solution's Build folder in Windows Explorer and double-click RxxBuild.bat to build the entire solution in Release mode.
     a. Alternatively, you can rebuild the entire solution in Release mode inside Visual Studio, but beware that this will take quite some time; on some 
        computers well over 15 minutes.  This is because the library projects run complete static analysis, unit tests and build reference docs using 
        Sandcastle, for each flavor.  If you use RxxBuild.bat instead, then you can disable static analysis and documentation output to make the build 
        go much faster.
	8. The entire build process should succeed with no errors and generally no warnings.
	9. Confirm that the build output is correct.  Refer to the solution's "Deployment\Deployment Procedure.txt" file for instructions.