How To Build the Source Code

	Date				Author				Changes
	1/22/2012		Dave S.				First draft
	9/14/2012		Dave S.				Removed info regarding the legacy Rx Experimental release.
	10/10/2013	Dave S.				Updated for VS 2012/2013.


Online version: http://rxx.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Building


Overview:

	This document specifies the required dependencies and procedures to prepare and build the Rxx solution 
	in Visual Studio 2012 Pro edition or higher for the purpose of unofficial development.

	All projects are located under the Source and Testing folders in the solution.

	All of the other folders contain either documentation or required dependencies, such as assemblies, 
	MSBuild scripts and build tools.  All of these folders can be safely removed from the solution, but the
	files that they contain must not be deleted from disc.


Contributions: 

	If you'd like to contribute features or bug fixes, then please read the following documents.
	
	Contributing to Rxx
	http://rxx.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Contributions

	Goals and Guidelines.txt
	Located in the Artifacts folder of this solution.


Prerequisites:

	Rxx depends on the following software.  You must install all of these tools before opening the solution.

	If you have already opened the solution before installing the necessary software, then all projects in 
	the solution may currently be unloaded.

	To reload the projects: 

		1. Close Visual Studio.
		2. Install the following software.  (Reboot if asked.)
		3. Open the solution in Visual Studio.
		4. For each project that is still unloaded, right-mouse click the project and select Reload Project.
				a. If any projects will not reload, then check to make sure that you have installed the latest
					 version of the tools listed below.  It's also possible that a newer version of a tool was
					 released but Rxx has not been upgraded yet.
		5. Continue to the "Preparing the Solution" section below.


	Code Contracts (Latest Version)
	http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/devlabs/dd491992


	StyleCop (Latest Version)
		1. StyleCop is not required to build the solution, for the purpose of unofficial development.
			 a. If you don't want to install StyleCop, then you can remove the MSBuild import from the 
					Project.targets file in the solution's Build folder.  Search for a line similar to the 
					following in that file and delete it:

					<Import Project="$(MSBuildExtensionsPath)\StyleCop\vX.X\StyleCop.Targets" />

		2. MSBuild Integration Files are required by Rxx.  You must enable this feature in the installer.
		3. Visual Studio Integration is not required by Rxx.  You can safely disable this feature.
		4. Visual Studio Templates are not required by Rxx.  You can safely disable this feature.
	http://stylecop.codeplex.com/


	Code Analysis (or FxCop)
		1. Code Analysis is not required to build the solution, for the purpose of unofficial development.
	http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/3z0aeatx.aspx


	Sandcastle (Latest Version)
		1. Sandcastle is only required to build the solution in Release mode within Visual Studio.
		2. See the "Sandcastle Read Me.txt" file in the solution's Build\Documentation\ folder for details.
		3. The Sandcastle Styles Guided Installer is no longer available.  As of Oct. 2012, you must install
			 the Sandcastle Help File Builder utility to obtain the latest version of Sandcastle.
	http://shfb.codeplex.com/releases

	
Preparing the Solution: 

	The following procedure describes how to prepare the Rxx solution for the purpose of unofficial 
	development.  These steps are only required one time.  After completing them, you will be able to 
	open and build the solution just like any other solution.

	Note: Windows flags certain kinds of files that are downloaded from the internet, such as .dll files, 
				even if they are contained within a .ZIP file.  If you get any errors when opening or building 
				the solution stating that a particular file is locked, then browse to the file in Windows 
				Explorer, right-mouse click, select Properties, click Unblock and click OK.

	Note: The CodePlex source control system (TFS) marks all files as read-only.  If you get any errors 
				when opening or building the solution stating that a particular file is read-only, then browse 
				to the file in Windows Explorer, right-mouse click, select Properties, uncheck the Read-only 
				box and click OK.

	1. Open the solution (Rxx.sln) in Visual Studio.
			a. There are multiple versions of the solution targeting different versions of Rx.  The folder
				 named Main always contains the latest version of Rxx, currently in development against the
				 latest version of Rx.
	2. When prompted to connect to TFS source control, click Cancel.
			a. If you only receive a message about the source control bindings being invalid, click OK.
	3. You may be prompted to "Go Offline".  Click OK.
	4. Go to File > Source Control > Change Source Control...
	5. When prompted, choose to permanently remove source control association bindings.
	6. Go to File > Save All.  Your changes to the solution are now saved.
	7. For each project in the Source and Testing folders: 
			a. Open the project's Properties window.
			b. Go to the Signing tab.
			c. Uncheck "Sign the assembly".
	8. Save all changes.


Building: 

	1. Select one of the following solution build configurations:
			a. Debug
				 Unoptimized build against the latest stable release of Rx.  Runs complete static analysis.
			b. Profiling
				 Optimized build against the latest stable release of Rx.  Does not run any static analysis.
			c. Release
				 Optimized build against the latest stable release of Rx.  Runs complete static analysis, 
				 builds documentation and generates complete deployment packages for CodePlex and NuGet.
					I. Release mode is not recommended for building inside Visual Studio.
						 To build outside of VS, navigate to the solution's Build folder in Windows Explorer and 
						 double-click the RxxBuild.bat file.  A new console window opens and is automatically set 
						 to the appropriate current directory.  You will be prompted to enable various build options
						 before the solution is built.
					II. See the "Deployment Procedure.txt" file in the solution's Deployment folder for details
							about the output of Release mode builds.
	2. To debug Rxx, set one of the lab projects as the start-up project.  Lab projects are located under 
		 the solution's Testing\Labs\ folder.
	3. Build the solution or individual projects as you would normally.